pop smoke you have 15 to finish it off
just keep it under fire who uh my name
is DJ reflex being able to like you know
put a new artist on and a movement and
break records still it's so important to
mean that's why I do it Tupac the licks
snoop what's my name like the early
Snoop Dogg stuff the doggy style album
of course of the west coast classic my
movie deuces long line of what I do
change the kitty
now I don't think it's like a different
person or different nothing but it's all
for me the LA hip-hop scene right now is
um setting a hand in the young
generation to you my name is Ben Jay I'm
taking seeing you two new boys of course
to the next I'll we want to show the new
boys as micardis you know what I'm
saying so we showed our creative side
outside of detecting movement thank you
Miss come out and be the first 30 game
you know the intro metal fire is awesome
what up doe fictional dump you watchin
da TV
oh and Hannah rock you shut us down
wishes me better watch out killer Oh
salman bin ladden can reel you up in the
game I'm gonna be late get them flex row
Nick get him go he's right dead wrong
get him row watch your mouth get up get
up that's a yes hey guys in some room
you don't say it was like mortal kombat
fatalities hi I like its night before
that was easy for me too well gang got
the stuff call duty and got the stuff
that they have in this game thank you
yeah house calls for coming over the
crib and show me the new medal of honor
the game come out October 12 that's my
third birthday so um for my birthday I
mini ollie up to go by Medal of Honor
universe and the next day is my birthday
song to me all the yard to the next day
and get that game
you